hey everyone glad to see y'all came back
for more history of Chinese philosophy
part seven this time before we dive
right in let's take a quick moment to
review the main bullet points we've sort
of been jumping all over the place for
the sake of trying not to mix things up
too badly but now that we've mixed
things up sufficiently enough it's time
to sort it all out and move forward
we're exiting the Han Dynasty and both
Confucianism and Taoism have matured
well and man people in the third century
CE er they ever sophisticated and wise
to the ways of the world compared to
their ancestors in the previous dynasty
by the time of the 200s well rome had
already peaked the Silk Road by now was
close to 400 years old and after all
these centuries of Criss crossing back
and forth between east and west and
north and south plenty of new ideas
science culture and whatnot had been
spread far and wide and had been picked
over and studied at all the main centers
of learning along the Sidon Strasse so
to your average scholar in the mid third
century CE II those philosophers from
the eastern Joe when I was a completely
different age and the Joe era
understanding of the way of the world
compared to such modern times as the
third century seemed like the Dark Ages
philosophy was a was a way more
sophisticated product now with all kinds
of standard and upgraded options not
available in monks this time the history
of Chinese philosophy timeline usually
started with the fall of the Shang and
the establishment of the Jo we saw how
sage Kings from Yao to the early Western
Jo Kings all primed the pump verb
Chinese civilization but society had
degraded and in this axial age as Karl
Jasper's called it humankind started to
ponder in a serious scientific and
organized manner the great questions of
the day and how to make their world a
better place and because there were so
many different schools of thought who
had their own take on how to handle the
great questions they came to be known as
the hundred schools the Jules Abijah I
introduced a few dung she I'm Chu Han
Fei Lisa Wang Xiong wash young Wong the
young show and others and we looked at
the major figures of the ROO school
starting with its most famous star Combs
Confucius there were his 77 disciples
monks shinza and many more and we looked
at the II Ching and tried to make sense
out of that and then last episode we
explained Taoism which is like herding
cats and by the end of the Han there
were a lot of balls to juggle in the
world of Chinese cosmology epistemology
metaphysics ethics politics she ena and
yang the eat Jing everybody was talking
to everybody and as far as Confucianism
was concerned it wasn't like it was in
the time of the great sage from here on
out every few generations or so for the
remainder of Chinese imperial history
Confucianism always needed constant
upgrading we also saw in part five how
Qin sure Wong's Chief Minister Lisa was
able to put the kibosh on all
philosophic discussion that deviated
from the party line which in the Qin
Dynasty was legalism we'll ever know
what great unknown works were lost to
the flames of 213 BCE everyone had to
keep their head down for a while but
once the Chien self-destructed and the
Han Dynasty set itself up and Chung on
philosophy came back with a vengeance
and I hope you don't mind that for a few
events names and terms and we sort of
glossed over them up till now well
they're gonna come up again and again in
this and subsequent episodes so I'm
hoping with all the jumping around I had
to do some of these blank spaces can be
filled out a little
keep that infographic close by so let's
get to the conclusion of the Han Dynasty
as I mentioned at the end of last
episode against the Han come
crashing down china will remain mostly
disunited all the way clear through to
the sway in 589 yeah the Western chin
pulled everything together for a brief
while but for the most part it was a
rough three and a half centuries for
China but not for Buddhism Oh baby
this was their time Buddhism had already
made landfall in China during the Han
Dynasty during the time of Han Ming D
son of Leo show the guangwu Emperor and
the Buddhist faith spread like an L a
wildfire during this chaotic disunited
period after the fall of the Han this
was the Six Dynasties or Leo Chao period
that covered from the end of the three
kingdoms in 282 the start of the sway in
589 just as the war and chaos of the
eastern Joe did for stoking the fires
that gave rise to the hundred schools so
were the trying times of the Six
Dynasties for Buddhism there's nothing
like hardship hopelessness and suffering
to drive the law by Shing in droves into
the hopeful and calming arms of the
Buddha and not just the peasant folk the
swells do so Buddhism got real energized
in China during this post Han Six
Dynasties period and then went into
afterburner during the sway with the
patronage of young Qin the dynasty
founder and his very devout Empress
nothing like political patronage at the
highest possible level to help your
cause no matter spiritual or temporal
and it's in the sway Dynasty only two
Emperor's long the Buddhists and Chung
on the capital got to test their wings
and get a first taste of power close to
the royal center and as I said last
episode the Confucians da Louis and
Buddhists would spend the next couple
thousand years always trying to muscle
in on each other's turf inside these
halls of power this was serious stuff
it was during the sway that Buddhism a
creation of the Indian people began to
yield Chinese homegrown sex the ten-time
most notably that took the basic
religion and philosophy from India a
foreign land and we molded it into
something that fits Chinese
sensibilities and spiritual needs more
comfortably and naturally and after 1040
in the northern song after movable-type
printing takes off China will become
flooded with these Buddhist texts the
oldest known printed book is the Diamond
Sutra from 868 he also from during the
tongue following the sway in the Tang
Dynasty Taoism enjoyed a nice golden age
there was a long period when was a ten
ruled and she of course was the best
thing that ever happened to Buddhism up
until her time empress wu was one of
Buddhism's greatest royal patrons and
throughout Chinese imperial history
there were many under her royal
patronage Chan Buddhism another Chinese
flavored version of the religion rose to
great prominence it was a pretty logical
and easy stretch to put Buddhism and
Daoism side by side and find enough
commonalities in fact in order to avoid
these dueo tensions situations Buddhist
monks used to infuse their teachings
with little bits and pieces of Taoism so
that the newly faithful could get it
could better grasp what Buddhism was all
about the story of Duany old Han Xin of
course from the Chinese sayings podcast
season 2 episode 3 if you haven't
checked that out yet do yourself a favor
give it a listen with Buddhism's
meteoric rise and taoist beliefs
becoming second nature to the people
Confucianism found itself under the gun
as far as trying to keep up with the
competition the tenth eye sect and now
Chan Buddhism were really giving Taoism
a run for its money
many of the new spiritual and
metaphysical ideas presented by these
religions
had never been considered during
Confucius as time so to keep up with the
Joneses and these new beliefs that had
been embraced by the populace
Confucianism needed to up its game and
maintain relevancy in such modern times
so what to do this was a much discussed
issue amongst the Confucian thinkers of
the Tong dynasty 618 and 907 this was
more than a thousand years after
Confucius monks and shinza leading
Confucians took a look around at the
popularity of his Taoist and Buddhist
philosophy and had to ask themselves
what would Cohn Sidhu what would monks a
think these philosophers during the
early tong had to become those sages of
antiquity and channel their ancient
thought into the modern context which
was quite complex to say the least
just as Christianity had st. Thomas
Aquinas who reconciled Christian thought
with the intellectual environment of his
day in the 13th century tongue Confucian
'us sought to write their own Summa
Theologica of Confucianism let's spend
some time in the tongue and some
dynasties and see how Chinese Confucian
thought spread its wings even wider and
then glide it into our present age now
you'd think trying to compete with the
mass popularity of Taoism and Buddhism
was a lost cause but the Confucian astre
fused to fold they might not have had it
so good like they did back when Emperor
Wu of Han was around but they still
dominated the elite life of aristocrats
and in the government bureaucracy during
the Tong dynasty that were fortunate to
have as their champion the great dynasty
co-founder tight song at 6:28
tongue-tied zone ordered a Confucian
temple to be built and then two years
later in 630 he called for all of the
Confucian classics to be prepared in new
official editions and from the
standardization of all these Confucian
classics
came a flood of new commentaries that
picked every aspect of these works apart
and analyzed them in a thousand new and
different ways and it was these official
editions called for by the tongue tight
zone Emperor as well as the multitude of
commentaries that followed in its wake
that formed the core curriculum studied
by all aspiring officials to the
imperial government the tongue dynasty
was a great period for all kinds of
reasons in the arts sciences literature
poetry and the propagation of tea
culture and of course in Confucian
philosophy there were three noted
scholars who I wanted to mention who
paved the way for what later on was
called neo-confucianism all three of
these earliest tong Confucian reformers
lived about the same time late eighth
early ninth century this was the time of
the seven Tong Emperor's from died song
to Wenzhong so these three were Han Yeo
Leo and Leo Tong UN all three scholars
combined to revive Confucianism in the
wake of Buddhism's relentless growth and
popularity especially during its attends
time and power during the late 7th
century and they will do such a good job
that shortly after their passing in the
eight forties the very heavily Taoist
influence Tong Emperor would zone will
greenlight a government-sanctioned
persecution of Buddhism in China and
although not a bloody event as
persecutions of religion go many
Buddhist schools of thought failed to
revive and if you recall from that
episode 181 on the early history of
Christianity in China it wasn't just the
Buddhists who felt Emperor woodsongs
imperial backlash other religions deemed
foreign and to run for cover and lay low
until the political winds changed this
and the unloosen rebellion that followed
had quite an impact on the ongoing
development of Chinese philosophy
Hanyu is credited with being the one who
launched the revival of Confucianism
following the cataclysmic and Lucien
rebellion in the West this revised
version of rueful Asif II was called
neo-confucianism they never called it
that in China they had other terms for
this thought the term neo-confucianism
came from who else the Jesuits
French missionaries on Joseph Maria mio
coined the term in a work published in
1777 Hanyu popularized an idea that
caught on quite well
he said the doll was given to Yahoo who
passed it on to chuan who passed it on
to you who passed it on to King one to
King Wu and then to Joe gong the Duke of
Joe and it was joe gong said hi you who
passed this wisdom on to Confucius and
this was how Han you explained it in the
late Tang Dynasty how the doll and
Confucian philosophy cross paths so to
speak the doll came all the way from the
Ancients directly to the great sage in
this lineage of the Confucian tradition
or doubt home from yao-shan you kinguin
King Wu Duke of Joe Confucius and then
aunt among Sethe is one of high news
great achievements Han you claimed
however that after Monza this lineage
ended we'll see in a bit how one of the
five founders of neo-confucianism Cheung
Chau was named as the heir to monk's in
carrying on this Dalton lineage Han Yu
is considered to be the most important
of the Tong Confucian scholars he was
another one of China's great writers and
polymaths as well as an important
political figure all his writings his
essays are all highly ranked and admired
and the Tong dynasty really cranked out
a lot of amazing talent a part of his
literary efforts were directed at
draining the swamp in the capital at law
young of Buddhist influence
of his more famous works is called the
memorial and bone relics of the Buddha
the famous genuine focal Bell we're in
819 he really tore into what he
described as all this ridiculous
Buddhist black magic and the travesty of
these holy relics popping up everywhere
Hanyu was a little too critical of the
emperor Shen song chastising him and his
work for going along with all these
Buddhist activities and ceremonies and
you know hoodwinking and essentially
ignorant and superstitious populace Han
you said these Buddhists hurt more than
they helped and of course their faith
and ideology were a foreign imports and
not a domestic product for daring to
speak out the way he did Shin song
called for ha News execution but well
Han you came from a top-drawer family
was very respected and renowned and had
friends in high places who got him off
the hook so Han you instead got demoted
and banished to ciaochao Guangdong
province so you know he ate well and was
never in short supply of fine culture
and seafood
he laid low and chow chow until Shen
Zhong died in 820 and under the next
Emperor mu Tong he was brought back to
the capital
but only lived for a few more years he
was the great champion to the Confucian
as' bringing back all these values that
everyone believed had well been
corrupted or lost and Han Yu wasn't
terribly found of a Taoist either but he
let them partially off the hook saying
you know at least they were a Chinese
homegrown philosophy as misguided as it
was Han Yu with single-minded purpose
dedicated his life and even risked his
life for the restoration of Confucianism
to its rightful place as the one state
ideology just like in the old days of
Han Moody in the Tang Dynasty and mind
you a terrible Cataclysm had just
concluded the EON Liu Shan rebellion
that was a punch in a face to the Tong
dynasty from which it never recovered
Han you nonetheless promoted the
traditional Confucian ID
of the sage as the proper role model for
human self cultivation and more well
known perhaps is that it was Han you and
his colleagues who reached onto the
shelf of all the Chinese classics and
commentaries and picked from amongst
them only four texts that they
considered the most important of all the
chung-yong Dasha the new and the munsi
the doctrine of the mean the great
learning the Analects of Confucius and
the Hmong Zhu and henceforth and even
into our day we call this collection the
Sushil the four books another
revolutionary idea espoused by Han Yu
was his claim that it was months more
than anyone else who captured the
essence of Confucian thought and ha News
colleague Lee all considered himself the
true heir to mung su he also believed
what Han you had talked about the
transmission of the doll from Yao to
Confucius as gospel Lee all parted ways
with his colleague when it came to
Buddhism he didn't reject it as far as
Han you did and les thought he
actually contains some Buddhist
influence as far as hi news impact on
Chinese culture and literature and the
written language in particular he's one
of those characters who we reserve the P
word for profound he restored
Confucianism and the tongue and planted
the seeds for neo-confucianism that
would burst onto the scene during the
salad years of the northern Song Dynasty
and that's what we're gonna cover next
now before we discuss the five founders
of neo-confucianism let me make a few
broad stroke remarks about you know what
it is essentially I'm sure many or even
most of you have heard this term before
neo-confucianism in a sound bite I guess
you can consider it to be a kind of
synthesis of Confucianism Buddhism and
Taoism confusion X with Taoist and
Buddhist metaphysical principles the
tongue Confucian reformers in order to
stay current with the time
in the ever-expanding sophistication of
humankind sought to offer a cosmological
foundation for Confucian values they
tried to use cosmology to explain their
Confucian world cosmology you Joshi it's
from the Greek cosmos meaning world and
logia the study of the study of the
origin of the universe how it developed
and how it all fits together in the
tongue there began this March to tie
together cosmology with the ethics and
social principles of Confucianism
neo-confucianism was a kind of movement
to also reassert Chinese values as well
as the superiority of Confucianism the
neo-confucian estava song called for
getting reacquainted with the teachings
of the Confucian classics the call also
went out to shed essential Confucian
estar of any Taoist or Buddhist
corruption and bring back the purposeful
humanism rationalism and ethics and most
importantly make Confucius relevant to
these 11th century times as far as the
separate fundamental ideas of Taoism and
Buddhism
some say the neo-confucian 'us followed
them even more than the Taoist and the
Buddhists themselves well whereas in the
Classical period of Confucianism before
the Chien the emphasis was on ethics
social order and the organization of the
state song era neo-confucians focus
their energy instead on the mind and on
the nature of human beings and of things
they didn't necessarily incorporate
Buddhist or Taoist thought into their
Confucian ideology but they did acquire
a great deal of cosmological and
metaphysical inspiration from Buddhist
and Taoist doctrine so these song era
Confucians will really push the envelope
as far as the directions they took their
philosophy Song Dynasty philosophers
were not without their challenges I mean
trying to
dust off and reshape an ideology that
came from almost 15 centuries before was
the mission impossible there were two
concepts that existed and were well
developed into the song that no one had
a clue about in the eastern Joe this was
the understanding of Chi and Lee I
mentioned that in the han they were
pretty sure about the nature of Chi
being the underlying stuff out of which
everything condenses but the importance
and role of Chi becomes much better
understood in a song especially when we
get to John's eye at the end of this
episode let's look at the so-called five
founding fathers of neo-confucian estar
shared in this belief that a society
based on the doll could only be achieved
through self cultivation of one's sheen
or mind or mind heart it's also called
to bring harmony to heaven earth
humanity tend even once again let's
first look at the figure most of the
history books start with Jodoin yi
what's his soundbite well he's China's
first cosmological philosopher he lived
10 17 to 10 73 all five of these
northern Song founders of
neo-confucianism they all lived more or
less around the same time and they all
knew each other in fact two of them I
mentioned were brothers Cheung Yee and
Chun ha
but Joanne yi he was the most
interesting well to me at least if
everything is leading up to Jiu Shi you
can say the road starts here with Jo to
anyi he wasn't terribly well-known in
his day he left behind a body of work
that was quite influential and his two
prized students were the Chung brothers
Chung Hall and Cheung Yee these two will
take the teachings of Cho to anyi and
later passed them on to Jiu Shi himself
Joanne he knew his aging inside out
inspired by his 11th century
understanding of the eaching and both
philosophical and religious Taoism
Jodoin Yi reinterpreted all these
esoteric
taoist diagrams and he reinterpreted
these diagrams and came up with his own
idea about cosmic evolution i guess the
most important thing that road to an yi
is remembered for is his tai chi to
schwa the explanation of the diagram to
the supreme ultimate he came up with the
concept of the tai chi the supreme
ultimate this is represented by the
iconic yin-yang symbol that we've all
seen and maybe have tattooed on our body
jo dong yi is the one we thank for that
image Louds
Shuang said they never saw it this
taoist diagram was called the Tai Chi
tool the diagram of the supreme ultimate
you could see it on the infographic I
provided for the series I myself find it
very hard to explain but it was
extremely influential in Zhu Xi's later
outlined for his cosmology in this work
he explains by using this diagram the
whole process through which Chi takes
form in things there are two main parts
an essay where Jojo and Nia explains his
version of the evolution of the cosmos
and then the other part of the book
explains that Tai Chi - this diagram of
the supreme ultimate the Tai Chi -
diagram is profound in sacredness the
later neo-confucian estar it was on the
surface appears rather simplistic and
ordinary let me quote a section that
attempts to explain joo Dinis
cosmological thoughts quote in the
beginning there was Tai Chi the supreme
ultimate that was fundamentally
identical with Wu ji the ultimate of
non-being because of the abundance of
energy within Tai Chi it began to move
and thus produce the yong when the
activity of the yang reached its limit
it reverted to tranquility and through
tranquility the yin was generated when
tranquility reached its limit it
returned to Jung thus yin and yang
generated each other then through the
union of yin and yang the transformation
of the washing
the five elements of metal wood water
fire and earth were brought into being
and these five elements represent
material principles rather than actual
things the five elements can therefore
be considered the common basis of all
things the interaction of the yin and
the yang through different combinations
of the five elements generates all
things in a process of endless
transformation end quote
the five elements is a another
larger-than-life topic I'll explain more
about that in the next episode or the
one after that
the whooshing fascinating metal wood
water fire and earth since the start of
this series we've seen how as Chinese
civilization advanced forward along the
history timeline
every so often philosophers and scholars
of the day had to take stock of the
knowledge they had and reconcile it with
all the current advances in intellectual
thought it was like a different universe
in the song compared to the days back
when monks it was trying to convince Shi
Shen Gong to make peace and not war I
mean there was some serious readjusting
that needed to be done so for the
remainder of this series maybe one or
two more episodes we'll look at what Han
Yu and Lee all started with the Tong
revival of Confucianism and then what
the so-called five founders of
neo-confucianism advanced then from that
point we will at last examine all the
things Zhu XI did after he came along in
the 12th century and to alleviate your
fears that this series may be unending
don't worry we'll conclude things with
the finishing touches that Wang Cho Ren
aka Wong Yong Ming what he does to
further advance and improve Confucian
thought let's start off with Jodoin Yi
Joo she is gonna heap a lot of praise on
him calling him the first sage of the
Song Dynasty in addition to Jo dooney's
explanation of the Tai Chi to the Tai
Chi to sha his other works that helped
with the foundation of neo-confucianism
was titled penetrating the classic of
change the classic of change
of course the II Ching so the other work
by Chotu and Yi known as the tongue Shu
this work concerns itself with the
morality of the sage the sage being the
model for all humanity so this model
sage embodies authenticity Chun this
Cheung this sincerity authenticity is
central to achieving one's ultimate
moral potential sage leanness is what
Confucianism is all about and the
humanistic ethics central to
Confucianism wisdom righteousness
humanity propriety sincerity were at the
center of what Judith taught that's what
made him confusion he spoke of the five
constant virtues the Wu Chun Gen II Lee
jerk and Sheen benevolence righteousness
propriety wisdom and fidelity and into
all this Confucian thought Jodoin Yi
injected his cosmology and ideas
concerning yin and yang mixing cosmology
with humanity so let me repeat it was
the Tai Chi - schwa that Jo dunya is
perhaps best known and he was the first
one again to use the yin-yang symbol and
explain it and linked both this symbol
and ethical concepts from the II Ching
The Book of Changes and tie it all up in
a neat little bow with Confucianism and
at the same time Jo offered up a
cosmology that explained the source of
all reality and how yin and yang came to
be and how they interact with the five
elements which drive the cycles of the
seasons you know not to mention
everything else in the world so Joe
doing Yi he figured all that out he
didn't even have the internet so Joe
doing Yi was a giant of his day an
original thinker who took what was out
there and rearranged it in a very
intelligent way and his two prized
students who picked up where he left off
were the Chung brothers but before we
get to the Chung's let's take a quick
look at Shao Yong and Chang's eye two of
the other founders of song
neo-confucianism and then
all look at the Chung brothers Shao Yong
the numbers man I won't say too much
about him except that he was a math
genius of the highest order
he saw that the underlying principles of
human existence were revealed by numbers
Shao Yong focus was primarily on
cosmology and his main tool to unravel
the mystery was the II Ching what Xiao
Yu did was to peruse the each in sword
out the entire 12-month cycle the
seasons solstices waxing waning and from
this angle he tried to figure things out
and gain insight into what lies ahead
now juicy isn't gonna consider Shao Yong
as important as the other five founders
Xiao Yun's major work was the book of
supreme ordering principles the huang
zhi jing shirt in this work chou-heung
developed these diagrams yeah they love
their diagrams in the Song Dynasty and
this diagram was based on the 64
hexagrams and in Xiao Yun's diagrams
that explained how the whole cycle
worked all the laws that govern the
transformation of individual things and
like I said he drew from the each inge
to show how it all worked and if you're
like me and never got better than a C in
math it's hard to comprehend this was
the kind of stuff that was going on
during the Song Dynasty by now we're far
along enough for you to see how this
whole philosophy progressed and how
fancy and complicated it got compared to
what was being bandied about during the
Classical period let's look at John's I
know like all five of these founders he
was another big fan of the II Ching just
because someone was a Confucian didn't
mean they refused to study Taoism and
Buddhism not everyone was like Han you
like all these song philosophers Chang's
I knew his Buddhism and Taoism but in
his search for the way the dal he
decided Buddhism and Taoism couldn't
help him much he put all his chips on
the Confucian texts as far as Jeong
sized cosmology and tying it in with the
goal of achieving sage leanness within
you know
become a sage he tried to define the
natural process underlying a person's
everyday material existence and for this
he particularly focused on the ten wings
of the eaching Confucius's ten
commentaries the sure e and Chong sighs
main thing was the matter of Chi as I
said at the outset it's with John's eye
that ideas concerning Chi took center
stage and took on a life of its own
the neo-confucians placed the whole
concept of Chi high on their cosmology
John side to find Chi as the physical
matter that makes up all existing things
in the e Jing it says it was the supreme
ultimate the Tai Chi that produced yin
and yang well according to John's eye
the supreme ultimate was Chi John's most
significant contribution to Chinese
philosophy were in the theories behind
what is Chi and what does it do
according to John's eye all things of
the world are composed of this substance
called Chi substance is the word I
usually see it's like the word for dal
you know not so easy to pin down in
English Chi is also called matter
material force or life force and even
that well everyone hears those words and
you know imagines their own idea John's
I said that she included both matter as
well as the forces that control the
interaction between matter that is yin
and yang now I already mentioned how Chi
condenses to form different things you
know including us the opposite of the
condensed state of Qi is the dispersed
State think of it as water and
evaporated water in its dispersed state
you can't see Chi it becomes invisible
but it's there he also called the
condensed state of Qi the yin force and
the dispersed state was the young force
but as soon as the Chi condenses it
becomes solid again it becomes something
you can see it you can touch it and like
solids liquids and
says each time that she condenses or
disperses it attains new properties
jeong's i said that all material things
that exist are composed of chi in its
condensed state in like a proton all chi
and its most fundamental level is the
same we're all connected in this way not
only all people but all people with all
things and because we all contain the
same essence the song philosopher said
we can't ignore that this leads to
ethical considerations Zhang's I will
only go this far and will not take zhu
xi's later all importantly or concept of
principle into this mix that's a
game-changer that happens bit later on
Chang's I didn't leave much behind just
a few fragments but it was more than
enough to work with and as I said when
we get to Zhu Shi he pieces together all
the main ideas containing Cheung sighs
work now this notion that we are all one
with all things was one of Chang sighs
major ideas he wrote about this and his
work for which his best-known an essay
called the Western inscription the she
mean this essay came from a work
completed by Jung and 1076 called the
Jung Mong correcting ignorant in it
Chang's I said quote since all things in
the universe are constituted of the same
Chi therefore humans and all other
things are but part of one great body we
should serve heaven and earth as we do
our own parents and regard all men as we
do our brothers we should extend the
virtue of filial piety and practice it
through service to the universal parents
end quote this idea was embraced by
neo-confucian astir the Confucian flavor
it had it said we were all one within a
moral universe after Chung sized death
most of his disciples were absorbed into
the Chung brothers school
what Monza was - Confucius
what the Chung brothers were two Chang's
I in later on to choose XI and then four
decades after juicy past Zhang's I will
get himself enshrined in the main
Confucian temple she would keep
mentioning Zhu XI and a lot of you are
wondering who he keeps saying his name
and he sounds important but where does
he fit in well the Chung brothers and
Zhu XI that's all for next time
class dismissed a little early this week
the two Chung's and choose XI next time
be there or be square
laws while Montgomery signing off from
someplace in the general vicinity of
Silver Lake huh where's that that's la
10 minutes from Chinatown don't ask me
what I'm doing here but this is where
this episode got recorded stay well stay
healthy see you next time for another
exciting episode of the China history
podcast
you